[DOC] Painless lab enable/disable flag (#95392)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/dev-settings.asciidoc

  | Set to `true` to enable the <<xpack-profiler,{searchprofiler}>>. Defaults to `true`.

|===

[float]
[[painless_lab-settings]]
==== Painless Lab settings

[cols="2*<"]
|===
| `xpack.painless_lab.enabled`

>   | When set to `true`, enables the <<xpack-painless_lab, Painless Lab>>. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | When set to `true`, enables the <<painlesslab, Painless Lab>>. Defaults to `true`.
```

  | Set to `true` to enable the <<xpack-profiler,{searchprofiler}>>. Defaults to `true`.

|===

[float]
[[painless_lab-settings]]
==== Painless Lab settings

[cols="2*<"]
|===
| `xpack.painless_lab.enabled`

>   | Set to `true` to enable the <<xpack-painless_lab, Painless Lab>>. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | When set to `true`, enables the <<xpack-painless_lab, Painless Lab>>. Defaults to `true`.
```
